Ah I was wrong I was wrong
Let me go home
The triumphant swallow is naturally a matter of heaven
But my close family is now closely related to heaven
You all know that.
I said I am the master of the Triumph Swallow
Do you have any comments?
But you are a broken migrant worker
How did you get into such a position?
Occasions where only the nobles can enter
I'm afraid you don't know
Kan Xuan Banquet is an important place where the humble lord dedicated his life
I'm afraid you have bad intentions
Do you want to commit suicide?
What are you laughing at?
Make you cry later
You are now on your knees begging for mercy
I can spare your lives if I'm happy
Be a cow and a horse for our official family
For the rest of my life
I'll give you a chance too
Take you all these years
All unfavorable income will be handed over
Obediently plead guilty and go to labor reform
I will consider it.
For your whole family
A way out